docs(self-hosted): move readme contents (#10883)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/self-hosted/index.mdx

## Recommended system resource

> Depending on your usage, required system resource to run Sentry may varies. Current recommended system specification for running Sentry is:

Reviewer: We now have these are system minimum requirements, so should update this from recommended -> required

- 4 CPU cores
- 16 GB RAM
- 20 GB free disk storage space

> We'd recommend using a swapfile if you are using a machine with less than 16 GB of RAM. Depending on your traffic volume, you may want to increase your system specification to handle increased load. If increasing the disk storage space isn't possible, you can migrate your storage to use external storage such as AWS S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS). Decreasing your `SENTRY_RETENTION_DAYS` environment variable to lower numbers will save some storage space from being full, at the cost of having shorter data retention period. See [Event Retention](#event-retention) section below.

Reviewer: We don't want to directly recommend people to use a machine with less than 16 GB of RAM

- 16 GB RAM
- 20 GB Free Disk Space

> We'd recommend using a swapfile if you are using a machine with less than 16 GB of RAM. Depending on your traffic volume, you may want to increase your system specification to handle increased load. If increasing the disk storage space isn't possible, you can migrate your storage to use external storage such as AWS S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS). Decreasing your `SENTRY_RETENTION_DAYS` environment variable to lower numbers will save some storage space from being full, at the cost of having shorter data retention period. See [Event Retention](#event-retention) section below.

Author: ```suggestion
We'd recommend using a swapfile whenever applicable. Depending on your traffic volume, you may want to increase your system specification to handle increased load. If increasing the disk storage space isn't possible, you can migrate your storage to use external storage such as AWS S3 or Google Cloud Storage (GCS). Decreasing your `SENTRY_RETENTION_DAYS` environment variable to lower numbers will save some storage space from being full, at the cost of having shorter data retention period. See [Event Retention](#event-retention) section below.
```
